I already sees my newest Knights an
average of us and I've named it the RG
one five zero eight so as you can see
here it's basically a SAS night for
channel one for the elevator the rudder
ailerons and the other throttle the
material that I've used here is called
extruded polystyrene or bio foam
I got a hundred ml cloth and just cut
out the structure with a hot wire and
then sanded it down I've got a son 1/7
channel receiver 49 grams servos in it
you can see one of them here I thought
the other one out the landing gear is
from my old Cessna plane and the nose
gear as you can see here is basically
landing you're of my own ready to fly
plane and I stuck together for single we
have more advanced controller of it
a 140 watts 1,200 Cade outrunner
brushless motor the radio that I am
using is the IDS 8008 channel radio I'm
using a 2200 milliamp turn ichi 11.1
recent lightly
now this lipo fits into the space which
you can see there it just slides perfect
I switch on the radio
yes I've connected the logo for the
rudder on the servo booze 150 percent on
each side of the shuttle
I have not it works fine right video
coming soon
Wow